hello and welcome to this Krav a video
on making this necklace it's one of the
series of jewelry videos that I intend
making for spend a little make a lot and
to make this necklace I put out on the
work surface what you'll need a couple
of tools for opening and closing the
jump rings two jump rings which came
from the assorted pack couple of toggle
clasp for closing off the necklace the
chandeliers and you get six in a pack of
the chandelier so you're any good leaves
- so you've got love - plenty to make
another necklace the 1 pound pack of
beads with lots of colors in there and
it's a nice full pack for a pound some
of the monofilament and you get loads of
that you'll be able to make hundreds of
necklaces from that so you're spending a
little but you're going to make a lot so
what we'll do now is we'll get on with
the techniques of how to thread the
beads onto the necklace now what I'm
going to show you now is how to actually
string these beads and I have my two
pieces of monofilament held together in
my fingers here if you can actually see
them perhaps if I put something talked
behind them there we are you can see
them far more easily now then I'm going
to hold the two of them together and
thread one nice thing about monofilament
is you don't actually need to use a
needle because it's stiff I'm going to
threads with the two of them through one
bead okay and to push it down to meet
the others then they're going to split
them okay and I'll put this behind so
that you can see you split them like
that and onto one then go into put one
bead and onto the other one I'm going to
put a second bead
and then push them down to meet the
other ones I make no attempt with this
since we will try and go for Patterson
because there are so many different
colors you'd end up with a loader one
and nothing of the other one then go
back now and put the two threads through
one if you just remember two one
one you'll be able to do them all one so
fiddly did I really say that
- one one
and again two and then one one no okay
so you keep on going until you get as
many beads as you want okay you keep on
going and then we're going to end up
with three layers of these beads and can
you see how little pocket of beads which
didn't seem to say much and once you do
it like this it becomes really really
pretty and you've got enough bead in
that packet costing just a pound to make
yourself a really pretty light in any
necklace nothing when you thread it all
of your beads on you need to finish them
off and I've used one of the chandelier
pieces which is quite often who's for
earrings but it looks really nice with
this and it's very good way of firm
joining three strands so I've put one on
this side and I want to show you how I
finished it how to finish on the other
side so lay your beads out on the table
if I move those over you'll notice that
I have three different lengths this is
because when you put it on your neck you
don't want them all the same then so you
want them layered in three lengths and
so I've made sure I get them in three
different lengths to start off I'll show
you what to do right now we're at the
end and we need to attach the clasps and
what I've done here is I've got some
quite small jump rings because if you
have them too big in relation to the
size of the clasp you won't get the
toggle through the clasp so you need to
think about that so these are quite
small and all you have to do with these
let's open them but those are there put
one through there and close it
and you should hear what the metal
rubbing against metal and you know you
Class B shirts and then do the same on
the other side
and put that through there and your
necklace is almost finished
but there's one little thing to do first
and that is special bead search because
you don't want to have that bit at the
end empty and because these beads are
sort of movable you can play around with
them a little bit so if you are we've
got our three layers of necklace might
turn this at the top it'll be even
better and clasp attached and the
wonderful thing about this is what I
said you to start is this is a necklace
really which is very very cheap to make
the seed beads for this were a pound you
get the clasps I think you'll get six or
a pound on those you get eight of those
right then here we are a finished
necklace the class were attached
everything is strung so that the three
layers are different lengths so they'll
fit nicely on the neck and the wonderful
thing about this is it only took a
packet of beads that cost a pound these
weren't much extra a little bit of
monofilament and you can make somebody a
really nice gift without breaking the
bank so I hope you enjoyed that